feat: refactor string package remove-last (#1079)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/string/remove-last/README.md

var removeLast = require( '@stdlib/string/remove-last' );
```

#### removeLast( str\[, n]\[, options] )

> Removes the last character(s) of a `string`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes the last character(s) of an input string.
```

// returns 'Hidden Treasure'
```

The function supports the following options:

> -   **mode**: type of characters to return. Must be one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **mode**: type of characters to remove. Must be one of the following:
```

  -V,    --version             Print the package version.
         --n                   Number of characters to remove. Default: 1.
         --split sep           Delimiter for stdin data. Default: '/\\r?\\n/'.

>          --mode mode           Type of character to return. Default: 'grapheme'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         --mode mode           Type of character to remove. Default: 'grapheme'.
```
